Here is the hidden catch about SSL/TLS Configuration that interviewers love to ask.
And in Java, it looks like this.
Here's a SecureProducer class in java that handles encryption and decryption And in Java, it looks like this.
Here's a SecureProducer class in java that handles encryption and decryption.
The SecureProducer method is where the action happens.
First, we import the org.apache.kafka.clients.producer.* module.
Now we handle the "org.apache.kafka.common.seria operation.
Here we execute "/var/ssl/client.keystore.jks").
At this point, we insert the key-value pair into our map.
This is where we handle the "org.apache.kafka.common.secur operation. , we log the output to verify it works.